[Google Threat Intelligence] Add curated commands and improve polling commands (#111)
VirusTotal/content: Packs/GoogleThreatIntelligence/Integrations/CategorizedFeeds/CategorizedFeeds_description.md

### Authorization:

> Your API key can be found in your VirusTotal account user menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your API key can be found in your Google Threat Intelligence account user menu.
```

Your API key carries all your privileges, so keep it secure and don't share it with anyone.

> 

Reviewer: Add a briefly list of the available feeds.
